Added questions about Logpush V1/V2 and reformatted FAQs. (#3675)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/faq/logpush.md

## Can I adjust how often logs are pushed?

No. Cloudflare pushes logs in batches as soon as possible.

## My job was accidentally turned off, and I did not receive my logs for a certain time period. Can they still be pushed to me?

No. **Logpush** only pushes the logs once as they become available and is unable to backfill. However, the logs are stored for at least 72 hours and can be downloaded using the **Logpull API**.

## Why am I receiving a validating destination error while setting up a Splunk job? 

You could be seeing this error for multiple reasons:
* The Splunk endpoint URL is not correct. Cloudflare only supports Splunk HEC raw endpoint over HTTPS.
* The Splunk authentication token is not correct. Be sure to URL-encode the token. For example, use `%20` for a space.

> * The certificate for Splunk Server is not properly configured. Certificates generated by Splunk/third-party certificates should have the **Common Name** field in the certificate match the Splunk server’s domain name. Otherwise you may see errors like: `x509: certificate is valid for SplunkServerDefaultCert, not <YOUR_INSTANCE>.splunkcloud.com.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The certificate for Splunk Server is not properly configured. Certificates generated by Splunk/third-party certificates should have the **Common Name** field in the certificate match the Splunk server’s domain name. Otherwise, you may see errors like: `x509: certificate is valid for SplunkServerDefaultCert, not <YOUR_INSTANCE>.splunkcloud.com.`
```

The proper way to resolve the issue is to fix the certificates. This flag is only here for those rare scenarios when it is not possible to have access or permissions to fix the certificates, like with the Splunk cloud instances, which do not allow changing Splunk server configurations.

## How can I verify that my Splunk HEC is working correctly before setting up a job?

Ensure that you can publish events to your Splunk instance through `curl` without the `-k` flag and with the **insecure-skip-verify** parameter set to `false`, as in the following example:

```bash
curl  "https://<SPLUNK_ENDPOINT_URL>?channel=<SPLUNK_CHANNEL_ID>&insecure-skip-verify=<INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY>&sourcetype=<SOURCE_TYPE>" \
   -H "Authorization: Splunk <SPLUNK_AUTH_TOKEN>" \
   -d '{"BotScore":99,"BotScoreSrc":"Machine Learning","CacheCacheStatus":"miss","CacheResponseBytes":2478}'
{"text":"Success","code":0}
```

## Can I use any HEC network port in the Splunk destination conf?

No. Cloudflare expects the HEC network port to be configured to `:443` or `:8088`.

## Does Logpush integrate with the Cloudflare Splunk App?

> Yes. See [Cloudflare App for Splunk](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/4501/) for more information. As long as you ingest logs using the `cloudflare:json` source type, you can use the Cloudflare Splunk App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Refer to [Cloudflare App for Splunk](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/4501/) for more information. As long as you ingest logs using the `cloudflare:json` source type, you can use the Cloudflare Splunk App.
```

Per style guide.

      "destination_conf": "gs://logpush/burritobot/{DATE}",
      "last_complete": "2021-03-17T20:50:00Z",
      "last_error": "2021-03-24T20:56:44Z",
      "error_message": "error 400: error transferring data: bad response: error parsing parameters: error parsing time: invalid time range: too early: logs older than 168h0m0s are not available"
    }
```

In the first example, the parameter `"logstream": true` is returned, this means that the job is Logpush v2. In the second example, the response does not include the parameter `logstream:true`, meaning that this job is using v1.

## How can I update my Logpush job from v1 to v2?

Simply updating a Logpush job it does not push the job from v1 to v2. You will need to use the `logstream` parameter and set it to true to upgrade to v2:

`curl -sX PUT https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/ZONE_ID/logpush/jobs/<job id> -H 'x-auth-email:email' -H 'x-auth-key:key' -d '{"logstream":true}'`

> You   cannot   use   the   Logpush   UI   for   creating   v2   jobs – the   API   must   be used.   However,   once   a   job   is   created,   it   will   show   up   in   the   UI   and   can   be   updated there,   although   the   UI   will   not   distinguish   Logstream   jobs   from   Logpush   jobs.

Reviewer 2: Aside from strange spacing here, this statement doesn't seem correct.
All new jobs created are Logpush v2, either created via UI or directly with API.
Also, `logstream` flag have been somewhat internal, shared with certain customers, but we are planning to switch to `version` or some thing like that soon. Not sure if we want to add this to public docs right now.
CC @tanushreesharma-cf

Author: Perhaps we should not add the question "How can I update my logpush job from v1 to v2?" to the FAQs for now and only add it when we switch to `version`. What do you think @soheiokamoto @tanushreesharma-cf?
